OBJECT OF THE GAME

The winner is the player who first returns to the center square and correctly answers a question in a category chosen by the other players. Before attempting a game-winning question, a player must land in each of the four cake square tiles and correctly answer a question.

START OF PLAY

2-4 players start a game of Trivial Purfuit.  The player with first turn rolls the die and, starting from the center square, moves the token the indicated number of spaces in any direction. 

When a token lands in a colored tile square or a cake square tile, the player is asked a question in that category.

The categories are color-coded and related to the Declaration of Independence and the Continental Congress, which approved the document in 1776:

   Red...................................People
   White.................................Events
   Blue..................................Places
   Green.................................Independence Day Holiday

The question and four possible answers will be displayed and a 30 second timer will begin once a player lands in a colored tile square or cake square tile.

If the player correctly answers the question, the turn continues with another roll of the die. If the player answers incorrectly, the turn passes to the next player.

A move may include a change of direction with each die roll or at an intersection, but backtracking is not allowed. A player must always move the number of spaces shown on the die.

CONTINUATION OF PLAY

When a player correctly answers a question in a cake square tile the appropriate cake square is placed in the player's token. If the player answers incorrectly, the token must leave the headquarters on the 
next turn and later re-enter it for the player to attempt another question for credit.

A player landing in one of the 4 "Roll again" spaces continues the turn by rolling the die again.

When a token lands in the center square before the player has collected the four cake squares to be able to win the game, the center square is treated as a wild-card space and the player chooses the category for the subsequent question.

Any number of tokens may occupy the same space.

WINNING THE GAME

After a player has correctly answered a question in all cake square tiles, the player's token must make its way to the center square to attempt to win the game.

When the token lands in the center square, the opposing players select the category for a final question, by simple agreement or a vote, and select the appropriate color square on the screen.

If the question is answered correctly, the game is won. If it is answered incorrectly, the player 
must leave the center square on the next turn and re-enter it for another question.

Because a correct answer always means another roll of the die, a player may win the game on the first turn.

These rules were adapted from https://web.archive.org/web/20071017153134/http://gameroom.com/ gamebits/RULES/076_Trivial_Pursuit_Rules.html to meet this game’s requirements and play. 


